after a week in Amsterdam and the
ajax goes on training camp in austria
the trusted field of the future
continue with week 3 of the preparation
while Jasper Cillessen and Joël Veltman
daley blind is getting ready in brazil
for the semi-final against argentina
the teammates started on one
new training week
week that Saturday ends with
a friendly match against the Danish
aalborg in the rain stream
fit and ball skills
position game
and the training is concluded with a
long party game team yellow was under
Frank the farmer's leadership
players with the necessary instructions
field and steered and that seemed like effects
have what much has been scored
from by to music and around the pool
Skilled off Nicola bonuses with the
boss I just want out of play
lasse schöne not going well and
uniquely gives me his second goal
ten blue ones also applied
nice boss too and the food on coal mine
sees the sun
nice action sees the sun on andersen and
that passes limburg2 one
the most beautiful action of the training
not fond of Davy Klaassen here
walk far before school and the ball
splashes on the mat
no waves read the third
music and that makes for more
again has no chance
and with that he determined the final score
three one because after this place of by
with the exception of the late school of the
training not due to
you hear the offside